Update product-technical-writing-team-handbook.md (#69)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/research-and-development/product/product-technical-writing-team-handbook.md

**Dev Review**

> It's not always clear which developer should be added as a reviewer for a pull request. In some cases you may be prompted to add a reviewer based on them having recently viewed or edited the file you're submitting in the PR. If not, one of the team leads listed below can be added as a reviewer for documentation relevant to their area of expertise: 

Reviewer: @justinegeffen What is the message/communication you intend to convey with this paragraph?

Author: I'm working on a reworded version now, good callout.

Author: I've reworded it and it should be clearer.

> It's not always clear which developer should be added as a reviewer for a pull request. In some cases you may be prompted to add a reviewer based on them having recently viewed or edited the file you're submitting in the PR. If not, one of the team leads listed below can be added as a reviewer for documentation relevant to their area of expertise: 

Author: ```suggestion
If your change requires dev review add the developer/s you've been working with as the reviewer/s. If you're unsure who to add as a dev reviewer you can select one of the team leads below: 
```
